==> BUS Arbitration :-  Bus Arbitration is the Proccess for deciding  which device use the bus for 
                      data transfer . There are three methods of Bus arbitration 
                     1) Daisy Chaining 
                     2) Polling 
                     3) Fixed Priority 


=> Daisy Chaining :- This is cheap and simple method . In the method we use Priority system .  
                     It is a fixed priority system . 
                     
            -> From fig Daisy_Chaining.jpg

    for eg :- Maan lo controller se n device connect hai Aur nth device ne request rise kari
              . Tb controller sb se pahale device 1 ko bus grant dega . Agar device 1 ko bus grant 
              ki jarurt hai to vo fir bus busy line ko high kar dega . agar nhi jarurt hai to fir 
              vo next device ko request forward kar dega . jb tk n-1 th device ko request ki grant nhi 
              chahiye hoga tb tk nth device data transfer nhi kar skta hai 



=> Polling   :- Polling is the method of bus arbitration that uses a controller 
                   to generate a sequence of addresses for devices requesting access to the bus      
               
                -> From fig Polling.jpg 

    for eg :- Is method mein controller har ek device ko ek code generate kar ke deta hai 
              us code ki priority ke basis mein sab ko chance milta hai. Agar kisi device ko jarurt hogi to vo bus busy line ko high kar dega . Aur yeh daisy Chaining se alag is liye hai ki hm is mein priority apne hisb se set kar stke hai 


=> Fixed or Independent :- This is a simple and easy method of bus arbitration . In this
                method each device or master has their own bus request and bus grant line . In this method the priority of master are predetermined or fixed we can not change the priority dynamically . Essentially , each device can request the bus whenever it need it , and the system will prioritize based on their assigned priority levels . 

                -> From fig Fixed_Priority.jpg

